@USER all you like are fuck boys that break your heart tho
Yo why the fuck is it raining lol
I went to find information on breeding birds and all I can find are bullshit PETA articles the fuck
What i say don‚Äôt fucking matter & if the shoe was on the other foot you would be ready to fucking relapse so fuck that
Spurs said fuck that shit , send his ass quiet ass to Canada and let them take the loss next summer lol
@USER WAIT WHAT THE FUCK WHERES HER NUMBER IN MY CONTACT LIST
I wanna home home already . Fuck today im tryna smoooke haha
Seriously fuck my job . I remember why I hate retail hsdyxhxhhx
@USER Who the fuck cares ?! I did it to my daughter !! Seriously üò≥ you people need to get a life !!
how the fuck do you unsee something
@USER wait how the fuck do you have so many likes im shook
I JUST CLICKED ON RAVIS IG STORY AND I THOUGHT I WAS HALLUCINATING WHEN I SAW JONGIN WHAT THE FUCK
when the FUCK is my @URL package going to arrive at my place of residence
Bitch I‚Äôm going up , getting money , what the fuck your thought ?
fuck this bro i‚Äôm just gonna take a gap year and travel the world and become a fucking annoying vlogger
I'm constantly drinking dumb fuck juice
Fuck college I‚Äôm going to become a ninja
@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER When Canada does something other than play ecp and ammo supply bitch I may give a fuck about their opinions .
@USER it would just be overkill for me to send the fuck outta here video at this point
My old job keeps calling me back and they‚Äôre trying to give me 2$ more but fuck em I‚Äôm happy with my new job
@USER The fuck ? U have a family of six that sleep with night lights ?
@USER It would‚Äôve been cute during that whole ‚Äú fuck it ‚Äù challenge . But shot out to Jersey and our impact .
i never get this much attention what the fUCK @URL
I really hope you come across as thick as fuck as you did on that Ch4 doc . Special wig for this evening ? @URL
FUCK WHAY THE FCUK IS THAT SONG IT SOUNDS SK GOOD
Fuck this job they sent me home on some straight fuck shit online looking for something better as we speak
stay the fuck away from them you hardboiled egg @URL
SCOTUS nominee said he would ‚Äú put the final nail into appointing independent counsels ‚Äù Fuck .
Fuck all of this , life‚Äôs dumb af I swear
one day imma just say fuck it and delete my account
@USER Y‚Äôall played me to wait THIS long NOT to bring out bigger & better artists . I‚Äôm legit hurt as fuck
Why do I not give a fuck ? My column
WHERE THE FUCK ARE THESE FROM SOMEONE PLS @URL
@USER @USER @USER Found this in an image search and source was Tumblr . Fuck . @URL
It‚Äôs literally a pet peeve of mine when a girl talks about the way another girl dresses . let whoever wear what the fuck everrrr
Why do I care about people ... who don't even give a fuck about me .
might fuck around and get a haikyuu @USER ......
someone is selling that stage pash wadarenchantomo poster on otamart and here I am going how the fuck did you get that poster out of the magazine
@USER Fuck no lmao , lol I wanted to do hyattt but they was really hitting so Hilton it is
Skint as fuck but you‚Äôve got to be mad if you think im not havin a chinky tonight
Fuck someone you love that don‚Äôt love you back , because we all deserve love at those times that we feel trapped
Fuck it . I‚Äôm bout to get in the studio . If Chance can get on a track and croon his lil heart out , dammit so can I .
these clown ass rich leaders amuse me- Let them fuck up the country - watch how fuckin lame the mundanes really are #MyYoungSatanist
if we get the chaika light novels , i'll flip the fuck out .
my irls really said fuck *** lives huh
Why the FUCK cant I do a cut crease without endin up lookin like a drug store bargain bin drag queen @URL
It's so hot and humid what the fuck I'm dying
definitely need to get some " buddy they won't even let me fuck it " stickers printed up for next marching season .
I can‚Äôt even lie I been lonely as fuck
@USER FUCK YESSSSSSSSSSS . OMG I CANT WAIT . MY ADDRESS IR 1600 PENNSYLVANIA AVE WASHINGTON DC
I‚Äôm bout to take my ass home . Fuck this .
I feel like everyone has an impossible fuck marry kill combination
Fuck it bout to smack tf outta someone rn real shit
oh fuck ... of course urban outfitters is about to start selling these out the asssss @URL
Fuck it . Mixtape droppin tomorrow at 5:55
My friends and I would fuck shit up in NOLA lmao oh god I hope this trip works out
If Roger and Rafael aren‚Äôt playing each other , nobody gives a fuck . This myth that men‚Äôs tennis is soooo much more interesting needs to die .
Not only do I think @USER would fuck me , I think I actually did fuck @USER at some point .
Constantly torn between completely not giving a fuck and not wanting people to take what i say/do as rude af @URL
apparently people that are going to the Birmingham show are having problems as well ? fuck this I‚Äôm doing general sale
Fuck this do nothing Congress RT @USER : White House : Trump open to letting Putin interrogate US citizens @URL @URL
why I can't handle this kind of situation !! fuck im out
@USER Fuck that is hella far lmao from me at least ü§£ü§£ we def have to meet up this time though !!!
@USER Roy keane would be playing fuck
I was craving the fuck out of that baked spaghetti yesterday
who the fuck let me go to sleep at 3 am when i had to wake up at 8 am im exhausted and my eyes are red i hate-
These characters look lame as fuck
why am I crying fuck
@USER Fuck Stats yo lol I passed that thang tho
Friendly reminder that anyone who thinks BABYMETAL isn't metal as fuck is objectively wrong
@USER SAME . but you know that full lunar eclipse in aquarius is coming up to fuck us all
what the fuck is up with magdalena frackowiak she quit modelling and became an attention seeker
Fuck I wish I had perfect vision :/
@USER @USER LOL . Nevermind . I know you do fuck all of any consequence .
Like that shit was a mind fuck bro I wish I had somebody to talk to bout this shit
I know niggas don‚Äôt always fuck up
fuck me hard before you go ...
I look hot as fuck and I'm not with any friends so I can't get photos @URL
Can we all stop doing origami with paper money before handing it to cashiers please it's annoying as fuck sound
fuck my life i‚Äôm gonna get wrecked at noel gallagher this weekend
@USER Who gives a fuck about Bernie Sanders
I'd sign that rescind article 50 petition if I thought the government response wasn't going to be " lol fuck off "
THIS BITCH GOT A NEW ANTIDEPRESSANT FUCK !
@USER Fuck you Sony üñï any chance Netflix is saving it for a TV series ?
@USER Holy fuck delete your account , your clearly the biggest fucking scam or you would‚Äôve jacked an actual account to sell shit
Fuck it , let‚Äôs just join the fun üòÇü§∑‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è @URL #Alisson #TrackingDuty #LFC
@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER Nice series of assertions with absolutely no attempt whatsoever to make an intelligent case . Also , excellent job misspelling fuck
@USER Fuck that I found him first !!
@USER this is Tyler Bozak erasure i , m shaking fuck
Billy can ruin the fuck out of me and I would be on my knees thanking him and begging for more ! ü§§üçÜüí¶ @URL
What the actual fuck ?! This is disgusting Donnie . Putin owns you . @URL
/ me clocking the fuck out for the week and then remembering the skins aren't live and my ride won't be here for like 2 hours @URL
YES GO OFF SING YOUR HEART FUCK #TWLITF
@USER Fuck me fellas , that's one helluva new record to smash out ! #BlackFlame Love it .. L.O.V.E I.T. Congratulations on a fine lick .
I need all y‚Äôall to pray for me to get the fuck out of jury duty smh
Fuck around and spend some time with me
I'm in such a dark place right now . God depression can fuck right off . This isnt where I want to be
@USER @USER Who the fuck is in charge of giving this rat a platform ?
honesty i just want to live in the shire that joint is always lit as fuck
Talking to anyone ? Im trynna fuck . ‚Äî No I don‚Äôt talk to anybody I‚Äôm single . @URL
all I wanna do is * gunshots * * gunshots * * click * * cash register noise * fuck cate blanchett
i wish i could fuck w the taste of papaya sigh
i'm very Emotional about the anthology @USER are in . Freaking the Fuck out .
@USER hi can u dm me ?? i just want to ask what the fuck is happening
he didn‚Äôt have to fuck me up like this @URL
Somebody hit somebody . Fuck is this passive aggressive ass shit ? @URL
I don‚Äôt fuck with her or her products but y‚Äôall really be salty over nothing just cause she‚Äôs famous
ok fuck i want instagram back i have nothing to do with my life and also i need to know what my crushes are up to
heavy tw for murder/rape/graphic images . i sincerely hope their souls rest in peace now , and fuck s*rbia . fuck them . @URL
@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER FUCK , might put that shite 10 second video I have in to the tune ID page and hope for the best
Fuck smh Clemson wins the acc again üòñ @URL
@USER Fuck we didn‚Äôt get him . Lillard better come to LA if not we might just get to the playoffs and that‚Äôs it
@USER Bitch , shes grounded as fuck if she doesn't put that dick in her to give our house hold a dam baby .
@USER my main point is that there‚Äôs no loyalty in sports franchises don‚Äôt give a fuck lol I‚Äôm all for power to the players
I'm getting out the army . Fuck this shit .
@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER @USER Get over for fuck sake
This year started out so good and now idk what the fuck is going on
i'm running low on my green tea foam cleanser what the fuck am i supposed to do
THE SKYWALKER HOODIE FUCK I NEED THIS I NEED IT I DON'T CARE HOW MUCH MONEY IT COSTS I WILL HAVE IT
FUCK JOS H DIES TOO ???? They keep killig off wvery gd characters whats thatbsupposed to mean
I can‚Äôt afford to let up so i can‚Äôt afford to fuck up
if drake only love his bed and his momma , why the fuck is he worrying bout keke loving him or not ?
every time something new appears on the internet that i haven‚Äôt heard about until it‚Äôs super popular , i feel old . what the fuck is hypmic
wtaf they're charging ÔøΩ6 to watch the @USER and @USER boxing match ? Fuck that man
@USER @USER Zen doesn't need a buff , he's already strong as fuck . He's just not a primary healer .
@USER We don‚Äôt fuck wit each other but happy bday ... celebrate life fam
jakurai telling ramuda to shut the fuck up gshdjdhsgbdn no offense but i love him
@USER The Fuck did I just watch .....
@USER Oh fuck dont even say his name !! Smh
@USER excuse me but ... what the fuck does your bio say ?
damn today was really trash as fuck
thanks nasper for liking my cr tweets sometimes even tho u probably dont rlly know what the fuck im yelling about
i hate when people asked me to introduce myself in front of class and they stared at me like crazy fuck that shit
All biasness aside ....... what the FUCK do y‚Äôall want from this woman ? Just aggy and musty . üòíüò∑ @URL
Forever getting the short end of shit LOL FUCK
@USER i think the fuck yes
k so fuck set times i'm missing my boy hekler because i WORK
I can‚Äôt fuck this weekend cuz I‚Äôm saving money
dullard : i spent a lot of money on these trousers . me : fuck i splurged on my pants .
Holy fuck I love this guy üò≠ ‚ù§ Ô∏è are y‚Äôall following yegne1 on instagram ?! If not , FIGURE IT OUT !
Thinking about canceling all my birthday plans and just saying fuck it ..
I can‚Äôt roll ? üòÇ that‚Äôs funny cause last time I checked the whole house was smoking my shitüíÄüíÄ swear this why I don‚Äôt fuck with people
omg fuck i just realized claire khirkus is in this pic LMFAOOO
fuck 2015 jimin rly fucked up didn't he ,,,
Fuck Kawhi Leonard ! That dude don‚Äôt love the game
Did this just happen what the fuck @URL
july is more than half over summer is gonna start drawing to a close and i dont have shit to show for it fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck
Pc is dead . Years of work gone . Current work and collabs on hold . Nothing else to do but to start over . Fuck windows updates .
This why I hate you hoes üòÇüòÇ .. let me just go back to minding my business .. fuck this friendship shit üíØü§∑üèæ‚Äç‚ôÄÔ∏è .
I‚Äôm deadass the realist goth in the valley y‚Äôall fake as fuck
@USER All the more reason to stay the fuck away from Reddit .
what the fuck . I live and work 30+ hours a week ON A 12/Hour pay in NY and I don‚Äôt even have groceries rn . Fucking rich people
I hate being a girl like fuck periods and overpriced feminine products and cramps ! It sucks like give us free tampons at least ! #iwishiwereaboy
@USER I just checked and all my DMs from Brooke Cale are back . Fuck no .
Kinda wanna fuck a sub up on TeamViewer #findom #paypig
WHAAAAAAT the fuck is happeningüòí ... whhhhat is happening
rts that again because god . i make moving pictures . fuck
this tweet from march how the fuck did you find it @USER
@USER Fuck me , how can the BBC justify letting this piece of crap on , to spout such apalling shite !!
This kid behind me kicked my seat & woke me up from my nap so I sneezed on him . Don‚Äôt fuck with my rest
@USER This shit is whickity whack . Dead ass disappointed . Seriously just taking a vacation to the bay . Fuck this is line up @URL
@USER @USER Yea , I‚Äôm gonna get some hate but fuck it ü§£ . Happy to be wrong too .
Ugh I'm in such a pissy mood today ... First World Problem really , but fuck , I'm allowed to be pissed . Wooosahhh .
@USER I'm not gonna lie your brand is actually clean as fuck
PSA : I‚Äôm in such a bitchy mood rn , everyone stay the fuck away for your own health
FUCK THIS GAVE ME MAD CHILLLLZZZZ
WELCOME TO THE MIND FUCK
@USER I love you what the fuck
Fuck I hate it that I can‚Äôt dl messenger
How the fuck y‚Äôall wear tampons without it hurting you lmao
last time i played 50% of the people in my match were over 600 , the mmr makes it unfun as fuck because it's secretly tied to ranked
Aw fuck hate when Chance drops new music out of the blue
@USER People just don‚Äôt know how to not get attached , then they still fuck with someone who doesn‚Äôt want anything then get mad about it later
Fed the fuck up . Yet I still keep eating ... smh
Ok who the fuck keeps trying to sign into my ig . Ima need you to leave me the fuck alone . Thank you .
When i peep you doing some fuck shit only thing i can do is say bet "
Sorry to offend , but fuck garlic presses . Use a knife .
bitch it says ‚Äú i do not think it is corre ‚Äù like What The Fuck Is Corre
KEEP IN MIND I WAS NEVER TOLD OF THIS UNTIL I TOLD HER OF MY DREAM SO I WAS JUST LIKE .... WHAT THE FUCK
this girl said she‚Äôs turning bi because she‚Äôs tired of fuck boys
I can‚Äôt wait to fuck it up in college and let the wild side come out
@USER You suck how the fuck didn't The Philly Special win BEST PLAY are you fucking serious #ESPYS2018
Bitch the old me died . Who the fuck is she ??
I'm just pretending I don't give a fuck no more
I need to focus on myself fuck everyone else .
@USER @USER no the fuck he wouldnt hes adorable
Life really be coming with that ‚Äú Fuck You ‚Äù mentality sometimes .
@USER Aaaaaand ‚Äú chicken fried fuck ‚Äù just became part of my lexicon .
iSee all the fuck shit iJust dont say much ..
I‚Äôm tired of peeling my nut sack off my leg ever 10 min . Man fuck this heat
Fuck sitting around broke that shit ain‚Äôt me
nervous as fuck but nonchalant about dis cause I worked hard .
@USER When you wish you are @USER this dumb Ohio boys make America look bad @USER @USER pls pls fuck em up .
fuck why do i always have to ruin everything good that comes into my life .
@USER True that‚Äôs why I had to end my recent relationship lol fuck that
I leave to Orlando in 20 days :( fuck man I don‚Äôt wanna leave but I miss the o
Oh it‚Äôs the 5th Anniversary of RWBY fuck me that means the Qrow Edit is gonna have to come out today .
Will You Meet Her ? We find bad girls in your area that want to fuck @URL
what the flying fuck is this ? WHATTHEFCUK @URL
@USER @USER Better off being a mod or a viewer at this point . No one gives a fuck about me on this platform .
@USER @USER Sonic pushed the fuck out of that game . I was always so confused as to why .
PLEASE DONT BE SAD THAT WASNT THE PURPOSE FUCK
@USER fuck all the other things I asked for for my bday . THIS is it . I might actually die if I don‚Äôt have this shirt .
But if I can't batter the women , how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then ?
@USER Fuck this shit . I moving to a ranch in Montana .
@USER I like sleep . Fuck this job
@USER Why the fuck do you have to pay ? No JJ make it free .
Fuck it I'm not coming home
I going to fuck a better place without all that's left will be pretty tough if I fell asleep .
Time needs to slow the fuck down .
people keep giving attention to my subway fuck but thats like . one of my least favorite things i have writtenfnjfjf
Some things are best left unsaid but fuck it al probably get mwi and say it anyways
@USER How the fuck she get so many BUBBLES ?
@USER @USER so fuck the facts ? The police didn't handle it correctly but when someone reaches for a gun police shoot .
Woke up feeling like a lonely piece of shit lol fuck
who the fuck just texted me
Why this filter make me look high AS FUCK ? @URL
@USER Fuck i was so shooksnskn , I really thought we won but nope
@USER @USER You know fuck all y‚Äôall I don‚Äôt have feelings
I keep saying ima sleep by 9 .... annnnnnd yet here the fuck i am ...
Ion gotta text your phone lmao fuck i look like üòÇüòÇüòÇü§∑üèø‚Äç‚ôÇÔ∏èI‚Äôll just go slay lil nigga stop playing peasant
@USER Sis . Purple goes with ERRTHANG . But I see your vision and fuck with it . You bootiful all da time @URL
The older I get the less I give a fuck
might fuck around and watch scooby doo later
Fuck em so good they wake up and wash dishes
I speak 7 languages ... 2 of which are " I don't give a fuck " and " whatever I imagine they really speak in Wakanda "
Need someone who‚Äôs not boring as fuck to come into my life
@USER Damn this shit looks cool as fuck
apparently I was sat on the pavement last night asking people to pinch me cos I didn‚Äôt think I existed ahaha what the actual fuck
@USER @USER @USER Don‚Äôt give a fuck about both parties . Just don‚Äôt blame a president for a plane crrashing that‚Äôs all
@USER @USER Who is my homegirl bc I don‚Äôt fuck with no bitched besides Niki
@USER Well excuse the fuck outta me for having acid reflux @URL
FUCK BEING HUMBLE üñïüèΩ and I wanna say that in the most humble way
lmfaoooo literally got my ears pierced at the hospital the fuck is wrong w y‚Äôall ? @URL
Im never drinking water again fuck outta here @URL
Fuck Alabama I wanna go home to my grandparents
Going to do the line art on this sketch from the other night now too so light me a candle I hope I don‚Äôt fuck up too bad
this is not something they fucking made , this is some professional like ... this shit is in different areas ! what the fuck !
FUCK SAM AND GEORGIA LOVE EACH OTHER SM BUT BOTH ARE TOO DUMB LMFAO
Life sure sucks when the only person you want to Fuck endlessly doesn't even want to hug you .. Ruff
OH MY GOD DAVINA LOOKS FUCKING AMAZING HOLY FUCK #TheOriginals
i went to sleep at 7 and i just woke up rn and i‚Äôm still tired as fuck
why doesnt anyone give me a hug fuck this
I‚Äôm sick as fuck . My body hurts bad as fuck
Sanibonani fellow Sataficans .... friendly reminder today is " national fucking day " so fuck as much bitches as u can thnx for participating
fuck orange juice lives apple juice is superior
He wanna fuck but he don‚Äôt know if I got cash yet
Fuck it i give up
fuck a suggestion , use intuition , when your heart speaks to you you should listen
I JUST BECAME AN AUNTY FUCK WHAT YALL GOT GOING
@USER People were sending him death threats , for fuck sake !
Well , Im not subtle about giving a fuck about a great many things . This looks fun . We'll see how this one reads ... @URL
Shawty want to fuck me because I look innocent Or is she trying to inhale all my blessing and exhale them into sins .
You don't really give a fuck , do you ?
... wtf was that ? It sounded like something just blew the fuck up downtown ...
Y-you mean they used stock photography for a poster design ? The fuck do you expect them to do
it‚Äôs always the ones you don‚Äôt really wanna fuck with that respond in 00.24 seconds
My sisters friends are sleeping over and I didn‚Äôt even realize it because all 5 of them were still asleep . It‚Äôs about to be noon . What the fuck
I HATE EVERYTHING ! I HATE THIS ! FUCK !
@USER And loving Giles more . Giles pretty much represents my life goal . A bad arse librarian who knows just the right words to fuck someone‚Äôs shit up .
Dear @USER , I know this is early access and bugs are expected but WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS ???? #PS4share @URL
@USER @USER @USER Yeah , I'm literally being accused of being a racist bigot despite not giving a single fuck what race or religion someone is .
I MEAN , PEOPLE REALLY LET HORSES FUCK THEN
Fucking seriously . If a child pulled as much shit out of their ass ... How any sane human buys into Dotard's load of utter shit . FUCK !
WHO THE FUCK LUBED THE DRESSER .
how the fuck did i miss this tweet i‚Äôm pissed @URL
@USER If you say that you probably feel the neccessity to say you dont give a fuck , which means he gives a fuck . WEAK @URL
Let‚Äôs get high and fuck till the sun comes up .
I get so pissed off whenever a politician is trending . Get it the FUCK out of here !
Taking more medicine than I should have today was a mistake . Why the fuck did I do this ? Note to self : Don‚Äôt make reckless decisions .
Fuck it I‚Äôm off , see ya Admiral @URL
It's legitimate reasons why I be on some " you can really get the fuck on shit . "
Just when you have a paper to finish , your laptop decides to fuck up aaaaaah xjaisozmaoduzne kmn
waait , why the fuck is logan paul trending ? did he start dabblin in fuckin necromancy ?
Let people do whatever the fuck they want as long as they‚Äôre not hurting anyone 2018
I‚Äôm sorry but what the FUCK does this even mean @URL
Who gives a fuck about you , more then you ?
@USER Why the Fuck is he still getting a parade ? To impress his Fascist buddies ??
I MISS YOU TOO FUCK
If this isnt goals i don‚Äôt know WHAT THE FUCK IS @URL
Would i be wrong to wanna fuck you with one of my niggas ? If afterward i promise i wouldn‚Äôt look at you different ...
Holy fuck I thought Facebook ads were trying to sell me a bag of weed I was so excited @URL
I‚Äôm üíØ % worth it !!!! And if u don‚Äôt see it fuck off !
@USER you weren't kidding , the cancer of some of these comments are stage 4 . heaven forbid you have an opinion . holy fuck .
im losing my shit over wizards 101 updated graphics . 0#EVERYTHING LOOKS SO NICE AND NPCS ACTUALLY MOVE NOW . HOLY FUCK
who the fuck created the cramer's rule i just wanna talk
LMAO WHAT THE FUCKCKKK A JET JUST FLEW OVER MY CAR AND DID A FLIP WHAT THE FUCK
good people deserve good things and i'm still baffled why the fuck i have anything that i didn't earn myself
Love it when people stop talking to me ' cause I wont fuck them .
Fuck school these supposed to be my fun years but instead I can't stop thinking about dying or what to do with my hands when I'm at a party
All this SheRa controversy has me thinking just one thing : who the fuck is SheRa ?
shiiiiit this laura girl annoys the fuck out of me why are people like this ???
Dude im excited as fuck , im gonna be digitizing archives and its a year-round job . No more working random shitty jobs for a while ! :D
i can‚Äôt finish the aviator today fuck
@USER @USER How the fuck do you guys find those less than a 1000 views videos
@USER I might just fuck around let him be my mans
If they fuck this up back twitter will never allow them to live it down jffkfkfkc
@USER @USER Lol who the fuck is going to make that for a series that never even existed
A lot of people saying fuck me . Problem is - they be telling everybody BUT me ...
this ain‚Äôt even real but fUck i ain‚Äôt crying ! 1 ! 1 ! 1 ! 1
Why the fuck do i gotta gulp my damn water so hard i legit fuckin think i SPRAINED MY THROAT
Giving a fuck is your boyfriends job not mine lmao fuck outta here with yo feelings Frog lookin ass hoe I‚Äôm just trying to sell you some weed
legitimately having a mental breakdown cause i have no idea what the fuck i wanna do with my life
Man I need a sci-fi outfit at some point Something something , skin tight , semi-transparent suit , fuck huge robotic exoskeletal gloves and boots ...
What the fuck possessed me come back to this god awful heat üò©üò©üò© I should of stayed my ass in Cali
even if i do fuck it up today i have a day off tomorrow so that'll give me a little bit of a buffer period
I get paid just to have fun and fuck around lmao
The " CRA " asshole has now called my phone 6 times today ... I'm gonna fuck with them now .... maybe upload the audio to YouTube ... @URL
THIS ERA IS SNAPPING FUCK
@USER Hell fuck no they're gonna piss off a lot of people and the metro moves should stay as is
I am so ready for this movie , and its gonna fuck me up so bad .
Humans are overfishing and decided that the next thing is shark fishing smh what the fuck is wrong w us
HURRY THE FUCK UP WITH MY FOOD .
First time playing adc with tp . hahahaha fuck me
Declan sit the fuck down we don‚Äôt have time for this
Im scared as fuck and can't think straight
OH MY FUCKING GOD . STOP USING THE WORD CRACKHEAD AS AN INSULT . FUCK . I AM ABOUT TO PUNCH A BITCH
I‚Äôm talking about real life basketball . Fuck dis app .
Fuck love . loyalty is everything we need
What the fuck is that mayor doing to Philadelphia ? I‚Äôm getting mad .
Holy fuck everyone look who I just saw @URL
I feel like it's ignore Miranda day or what the fuck is going on
@USER wait great value has been selling shrek nut ? oh fuck
on god im single as fuck so dont have in the mix wit no nigga periodd
@USER @USER Yet you propose to hand over #BillBrowder and #MichaelMcFaul to your fuck buddy #Putin
Boy we should just get high and fuck , high and fuck
when the fuck did firmino play rwb
i only have 12/13 eps until im caught up on my hero academia and i started watching yesterday what the fuck
I need a coffee or energy drink or something before I pass the fuck out
@USER @USER Holy fuck . This team is going to break records with the points they give up .
fuck i fail at everything . i even fail at a simple fucking suicide attempt fuck fuck FUCK
@USER Okay why would I need more than one boat ? I can‚Äôt even afford one house how can I afford a lake house as well ? Also fuck water
gonna have to make a gofundme or pull loans to afford my hearing aids , ahhhhhh fuck
I‚Äôm appreciative that my dad went to qdoba and brought me food but WHY THE FUCK WOULD HE PICK SPICY QUESO ?!?
You can‚Äôt control 75% of your life , so the 25% you can control ... don‚Äôt fuck it up .
Everytime i fuck with someone hard they disappoint me ..
Wait fuck when did I do this @URL
Holla fuck the world w my chest full of smoke . @URL
one of my mutuals says i‚Äôm shadowbanned so uhh !! fuck lol
Why didn‚Äôt harry keep just a little bit of your heart I mean Ariana sings it so good BUT HARRY FUCK @URL
if i‚Äôm mad at u , u either leave me the fuck alone or give me a few dozen hugs and kisses and i think i‚Äôll be alright
I‚Äôm actually devestated for Ox fuck sake
@USER That long sleeve is soooo good looking , I‚Äôd wear the fuck out of that if it wasn‚Äôt hot as hell outside !!
@USER @USER I shout this every time . She‚Äôs says no he‚Äôs not it‚Äôs lovely . Like fuck is it .
OH MY FUCK WAIT SHANE IS TURNING 30 IN 2 FUCKING MINUTES
And ran over two men ??? Yo what in the actual fuck is wrong with this system @URL
honestly wanna fuck off somewhere n just be on my own
@USER Cheesy as fuck but yeah , i loved it . Plus it was nice seeing ramona from ramona and beezus all grown up .
okay where in the fuck is SOB
@USER i graduated bitch fuck the paper
@USER handmaid‚Äôs tale , season 2 . it‚Äôs hard as fuck to watch but i love it
Roastin and toastin in this heat . Fuck .
@USER what the fuck i love this
and when the 1975 drop tour i aint gonna be ready oh fuck
@USER @USER @USER And this was truly awesomeness How the fuck do I , a no name twitterer , help amplify this ? #LibrariansAreAwesome
might fuck around and actually take a picture of myself soon
Me : you 75% margarita drink some water Aunty : fuck water I'm on vacation
@USER Pittsburgh , Minneapolis , KC in a row . You can tell he just said fuck it halfway through
@USER hey uh what the genuine fuck does this mean
Ariana has amazing self control cause I know she be wanting to tell some people to go fuck themselves :/
what the fuck ? he literally makes me uncomfortable and im not even matt ? @URL
why the fuck life gotta be so bogus for ..
@USER @USER Fuck üòÇüòÇ am buzzing for the morn up early for the open serrr
fuck dude theres gonna be downtime on week two of the challenges come on bruh
I just feel like a fuck up
Don‚Äôt sleep üòé fuck around and be the best u ever had .
This guy filming himself on his miniature skateboard better watch the fuck out
it has been 4 days and still the extremely online culture warriors will not shut the fuck up about the new She-Ra art
@USER Fuck it im calling you willy
HOLY FUCK MY BROTHER FELL OFF A TABLE & : & :
It‚Äôs warm as fuck so I gave Smokey an ice pack and she‚Äôs loving it @URL
@USER People actually ask this ?? Holy fuck
FUCK I MISS YOU AND IVE NEVER MET ANYONE LIKE YOU BEFORE .
Fuck me running üò≠ pinche wevos gonna be real salty
hi ya i also don‚Äôt give a fuck that she had lip fillers removed !! thanks @URL
√§i need some suvabeauty hydro liners fuck
my next mans gonna have to respect and LOVE my damn CULTURE BC SHES POLISH AS FUCK
I would be pissed as fuck if i was Demar DeRozan . Move on tho , they‚Äôre gonna regret it .
Fuck it . I‚Äôll do whatever it takes to survive this shit ...
if i care about you , pls don‚Äôt fuck that up .
It‚Äôd be nice if people could just mind their own business and not be a toxic fuck
I‚Äôm pissed as fuck . We got 10 minutes to see if this real !!!
They keep hacking up my hairline . So I‚Äôm not getting no line just fades until September 1 . Fuck it
#LArain I saw this and was really confused because its sunny as fuck where I am 25 - 30 minutes away
Fuck no . I never wanted marriage period though . @URL
shit happens , move on an stop thinking everyone‚Äôs against YOU . the world owes you fuck all fruitcake .
@USER because they do not crumble , may be ? or because I don't give a fuck about your idiotic agenda
@USER Fuck this shit . I'll just watch Tobi's live video like I did with the press conference . #144p max #240p #fml
one of Ivars dreams is to fuck a vampire and I sure hope he can achieve it someday
@USER WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS ? WHO SAID IT ?
So we was just talking about maltesers . And now a malteser advert is on my Facebook . WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK
@USER @USER @USER Why the fuck is my licence fee being used to wave their flag ?
Once I get some male friends that don‚Äôt wanna fuck/get with me it‚Äôs ova wit
Played this and started crying this song makes me happy as fuck @URL
bro when i went to the beach i took such a good picture with my parents FUCK I LITERALLY LOOKED SO GOOD
I take care of my grandma , my child , and myself . I donít got time for these fuck boys
Who is sitting next to Kareem ? I know I am short but FUCK !! Bless his heart .. #ESPYS
lil baby goes hard fuck yíall lmaoo
@USER Somebody was just like ì Fuck it î Iím laying down for a bit .
Winsome pecker riding @URL nagma hot fuck video
I need a brand new crib just to fuck in ... Two seater Benz coupe just to suck in
Who the fuck cares what other people think ? Do your own thing
@USER | And there's the people talking about Shen being a fuck up like I'm sorry the people he's related to have a mind of their own ???
Fuck auto correct Iím not fixing that . YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN
Are the fucking Press corp the puppets now ? Walk the fuck out !!! Dont listen to these fucking lies . Cmon , FFS !!!
If you are a true Dodger fan you know they need a solid pitcher rn . But fuck it letís see how Machado plays out
CHIEF CHEEROKE - Dogging His Hoe @URL doggystyleclips com Man vs bitch fuck videos whitezilla aletta ocean blackwhores com mindy michelle pawg chiefcheeroke
I might fuck around and get an anime character tattoo
@USER What the fuck happened last night ?
FUCK ME DADDY ! @URL Travis Smith takes #cock NEW FAVORITE #GayDadAndSon
How does it even get to that ??? Fuck sake ?????? @URL
I DONT FUCK NOBODY AND NOBODY FU F KCSBME
@USER KSI why the fuck does it cost money ? The American one didn't!! ? I was going to go but I didn't get the chance to go
bitches posting their text messages conversations on snapchat as if anyone gives a fuck
Had a productive ass day but Iím probably gonna be late to work ?????? fuck it .
I MISS FILMING . I MISS MY PODCAST . I MISS WRITING . I MISS IT ALL WHAT THE FUCK .
iím so high right now i just spelled ì glad î like ì gladded î what the fuck i was so confused when it autocorrected . goodnight
hey yall its super fuckin nice to not ì need î to drink asap every goddamn day j/s Im fuckin proud fuck it
im tired of ppl who make it seem like theyíre not here for menís bullshit yet entertain the fuck out of them regardless
@USER why the fuck is Erika Costell commenting on your music videos @URL
Females will fuck with your heart and still find reason to blame you for something to cover up there bill shit .
@USER @USER Nobody cares about Russia get the fuck over it !
what the fuck did i just wake up to @USER
@USER How the fuck did we LET them make us believe ? That's the real issue .
If you think I give a fuck .... WRONG . I donít .
fuck around and order more
i wish the education system wasnít as fuck up as this . submission project date and class test on the same day ?! goddamnit .
I just want to fuck Nah thatís it , just fuck !
This is the world we now live in . For fuck sake . @URL
Jesus Christ , if we sign Bas dost ... weíre just signing a load of under whelming players , just fuck off and sign someone sick
@USER @USER 4 days ago was the first time I heard of egg on burger what the fuck else does the human race put egg on
OMG literally feel so down and shit today . Have not struggled like this in much . Fuck u mental health .
Who in the fuck thought steampunk was a good idea
I danced two times & now Iím tired as fuck ... alskszkxka
???? i need to get EXTRA FUCK UP
@USER @USER @USER Fuck my girl is gonna be so fucking happy !!! Is still #RaiderNation
A lot of yall need to shut the fuck up , including myself .
@USER @USER This tea happy as fuck about one win and takes pride in a perfect record wimp ass
@USER @USER Master P didnít play in the NBA .. he tried out . He got close as fuck but he didnít make it
@USER Right on !!! Fuck the high road ... time to show #GOPP what #WeThePeople are made of @URL
@USER That dude can straight up fuckity-fuck fuck off allllll the way home .
Tell that bitch , " I don't like you " ( I don't fuck with you ! ) ???????? #Boss #EverythingIsLove #BeyHive
@USER What the fuck is he even trying to say here ...
Niggas wanna see you do evil & sell your soul to get on cause all these niggas blowing up be on some fuck shit
Fuck you mean , shit I barely trust myself .
I fucking hate it when people force me to go out . Just let me stay in my room what the fuck man .
@USER @USER Ya think Masai pulled an Anthopoulos and thought , " Fuck it , we're going for it " ?
@USER @USER how the FUCK DID PEOPLE NOT LOSE THEIR PENS
Why the fuck they blasting the a/c cold asf .
@USER most girls wouldnít allow this the other way round so fuck that?? and heís a ë King í for this ... this is why women ainít shit
@USER Tucker didn't get to fuck her , so he's pissed .
Excuse me , english ? My brain is about to malfunction just by understanding the translation bitch the fuck
Get Perms Nigga Fuck Dem Pull Outs @URL
It's almost like usage of FUCK doesn't actually correlate with how correct an argument is and you're simply being another sellout respectability cop . @URL
it wasnít to be friendly with this girl she just looks stupid asf on social media while her nigga donít give a fuck
Robert Williams might fuck around and start a papal schism this offseason , the possibilities for this man are endless
Think I give a fuck about a little ass boy gee I DONT on bro bitches gone get they feelings hurt
fUCk this reminded me of Gundam 00 and Soul Eater's Op songs esp Daybreak's bell and Resonance , ahh those were good times
Why the fuck does iTunes on Windows run so fucking HORRIBLY ? It's the laggiest fucking thing , christ .
ITV throwing a party on a Wednesday night . Aka . A school night . Fuck the rules ITV , go off x
Canít believe thereís really niggas out there who canít fuck and last over 5 minutes lmao
Dunno why @USER gets so much grief heís funny as fuck???? @URL
Either people are still clueless on why this is offensive or they just donít give a fuck . Iím leaning towards the latter . Assholes . @URL
Your bongy getting too big ? Or fuck ?? ó LMAOOO honestly it is , I canít fit in half my clothes @URL
Why in the fuck does he feel the need to dye his hair BLONDE when his natural dark brown hair looks x100 better . Ugh a cutie x @URL
@USER Do you have the video clip of chanting " fuck you Erika Costell " !!??... is people really chant that ?
@USER Fuck it pop trash too , Casey better
justin actually looks so fuckin precious what the fuck is happening with the buttons on the phone
Who the fuck u talking too
oh fuck mickey's house of villains is on netflix ........ wait why's piglet rolling with this crew your'e f tellign me pigle t is evlil
@USER Yeah Iíve always been brave so I guess it was just the fuck it idc
bitch i cant even CALL FUCKING APPLE CAUSE I DONT HAVE A PHONE WHAG THE FUCK AM I SUPPOSED TO DO
I used to look forward to texting you every damn day . Now I type out a message then delete it , because idk man fuck it .
I donít wanna fuck if my bitch canít fuck to
fuck h&m i'll never order shit there anymore and fuck hermes too bc I have to spend my time and money bc they were too dumb
what the fuck they have a hidden stage for black on black on superstar sm .. when i tell u i wasnít ready ... @URL
fuck it im bouta smoke 2 week break was nice tho
Anyone who can make Conan OíBrien crack the fuck up is good in my book .
ever fuck around and run errands with your bros
where da fuck is grand tzar if hes popular enough that theyre shilling him out for a cafe collab
Iím bouta cut my hair fuck it
I JUST PISSED MGSELF WHAT RHE FUCK I WAS EVEN EXPECTING KT BUT IT STILL FREAKED ME OUT SO MUCH SJSNSJSJ
Fuck watching your enemies it be your partnas tha do it
just let someone be proud of their son ffs can y'all the shut the fuck UP it's too early for this
im going to bed i feel weird what the fuck
If jack and dani have gone I will not watch the rest of #loveisland fuck that shit
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING . IM FREAKIN OUT .
@USER just making a joke vrother , fuck racism !
@USER We have fuck all to laugh at them about . Absolutely nothing .
just looked through all my stray kids videos i took at kcon in hopes of . a glimpse of jeongin but i just kept recording CHAN fuck
I WANT TO SEE THIS MAN LIVE SO FUCKING BAD FUCK THIS DAT REAL SPOOKY TECHNO
just wanna fuck ????ing have money
@USER Holy fuck I thought this was Adam Levine LMFAO
Imagine telling your grandchildren about this period in history . What the fuck .
You got me singing love songs where the fuck I get this love from
Being thick does not mean that ' can't fuck @URL
ok what the fuck i hope louis drags him
@USER what the FUCK happened to king of the hill ???
How you a grown ass man telling a woman your pussy was too wet I couldnít really fuck you ???? thatís wild
Fuck that?? get out yo feelings
What the fuck is going on with Jimin !?! What did he do ??? Why is he cancelled !?! Is he cancelled !?!
yíall that arenít armys , mind your fuckin business and stop using jiís fuck up as a reason to defend your idols .
How the fuck have I ended up in a room with maddie n Lauren . Constantly drawing the short straw in life
@USER They prolly be knowing but they donít give a fuck lol
MAN IF YALL DONT FUCKIN RUN THIS SHIT THE FUCK UP RIGHT NOW !!!!!.......
FUCK JUST FINISHED WATCHING GIVE UP TOMORROW . OUR JUSTICE SYSTEM IS PURE BS .
ì Fuck a G ride , I want the machines that are makin í em .. î - @USER
No problem ... we will also remind you lot how much youíve spent when you win fuck all again @URL
We play X Box now , fuck all that reminiscing . @URL
Hey @USER I think you are forgetting/failing to keep your #1 job in focus : PROTECTING AMERICANS for fuck's sake !
Why the fuck is everyone from north west ldn and how does it manage to fit everyone
@USER That's shit's wild though . Y'all work hard as fuck . It's Modelo time .
Biggie probably had Kim licking his asshole too . Just to turn around and fuck up her self-esteem . My god ... Burn it all !!!
@USER @USER All good and fine but Jesus Christ @USER would be a dead man walking . Fuck This . Let's remember that this would be a death sentence .
STEFANOS IS HALF A YEAR OLDER THAN ME ????? WHAT THE FUCK I THOUGHT HE WAS OLDER ??
dude floridians donít give a FUCK
@USER Well , fuck , I'm just dialing you at this point .
@USER Nigga I jus now noticed what you said ... fuck outta here lol
I ainít gone lie , I miss getting high . Just being high and not giving a fuck
I wish this little kid would leave me the fuck alone
@USER what the FUCK , where have you been all my life ...... dig up those old albums , i dare you
UberEats is a fucking joke this the last and final time they gone fuck up my order .
Fuck it nigga we both going night night . ???? @URL
Going watching criminal minds with tatum fuck blue lives
Fucked Up Joker Costume @URL analhentai unsensort dildo vs dong @URL teenpussypic com ass fuck by big penis amateur hood booty watch peehole fingering longmint masturbation
Twinge in my left hamstring . Might have to cease leg day for a while . Fuck getting old
@USER FUCK lmao ok i do love being .... a depressed bitch ....
I dont give a fuck but i dont wanna give a fuck as much as DeMarcus Cousins does
Charlie was always trying to get Coach Bombay to fuck his mom . I think about this more than I should .
@USER @USER Lol I would , but apparently Mordor just finished raising Sauron's tower of All Seeing Holy Fuck-Ness ?? @URL
I just have one question , why the fuck do yíall care so much ? It ainít like you know them personally
I just wana fuck ????ing uhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh burger
@USER Psychiatry is dangerous as fuck and hurts half the people it treats and may help the other half
@USER ???????? that ì fuck a budget î really got me crying lol u can tell the nigga was speaking from the heart
Get It @URL via @USER When Dazzy said ì but guess what ? I donít give a fuck î I felt that
stay da fuck away from me
Look I feel disgusting and I need everyone to just be nice to me while I listen to Africa by Toto . Fuck . @URL
Danni Dyer is sound as fuck but her voice goes right through me
Told this bitch to get outta my car on the highway at 2am because this bitch wasn't going to fuck bitches are crazy man ! #tweetwithmalelogic
can my mom stop just pacing around the house itís actually stressing me the fuck out
Sometimes you need closure and sometimes you say fuck that piece of shit .
MESS WITH ME ILL HIT YOU WHERE IT HURTS AND I WONT GIVE A FUCK
They got a rubber cock is what they got . Who the fuck would admit to being a fan of Boris ? @URL
Fuck yes the Dodgers got Machado
If you fuck with H&M you're banned from talking to me
@USER Fuck mutuals bro call her ass out ! , bottom line that's your livelihood and credit means everything at the end .
?? unshodrockgods : Fuck me I love a good album cover . @URL
Who the fuck buys a turkey in July ?
Lmfao . You wanna fuck or you wanna see ? Lol
I Fuck Him On The Every Day , But He Ain't Gon ' Ever Get Claime
damn is it igNorE dee dAy or SomEthing fuck yall
Where the fuck did this rain come from ?
If I got you blocked that clearly means I donít fuck with you so DO NOT TWEET ANYTHING ABOUT MY SON . Bitch ass nigga
Separated at chapter 24 and holy fuck , the art design is gorgeous .
@USER RISU WHERE THE FUCK DID YOU GO
I bared for 3 hours straight . Made drinks perfect . Got amazing drive times . Fuck with me . I fucking killed it today
A BAME person calling out racism is accused of of bringing an anti racist party into disrepute . Must be the Labour party 2018 . Woke as fuck
who the FUCK is tryna have kids rn ?
@USER @USER Capitalism is the pursuit of profit . Capitalism is people not giving a fuck about anything but profit .
I got a cool new shirt and made @USER take photos of me in it thanks @USER itís clean as fuck and I love it @URL
Lazy as fuck . Making moves tho
@USER you literally donít give a fuck abt the thirsty girls replying to you at all skskksks
@USER Also just fuck the concept of ì head of the household î where the fuck did that come from ? oh right Nazis .
fuck it in order to make my family and my life better I fucking need to change my lifestyle .
@USER I just want bubsy to fuck me is that too much to ask
@USER His team's have never had a great defensive record and they ain't gonna win fuck all conceeding 40 a season .
myungsoo did anyone ask ....... where the fuck is woohyun
@USER @USER HOW THE LITERAL FUCK IS IT TAKING YOU THIS LONG TO CANCEL THIS EVENT
girl i wanna fuck you
I JUST REALIZED SHE MEANT SENDING I WAS LIKE WHAT THE FUCK IS SENDIO
How the fuck do people live like this ? * me walking into my own house
All the best lessons in life are harsh as fuck so let em make you stronger
How the fuck do you think Ben Shapiro's intentions are good in 2018
i become silent or i turn the fuck up @URL
Fuck it ramen it is
BITCCHDHSHS THE GUITAR GO THE FUCK OFF YES !!!!!!!!!!!!
i donít give a fuck bout nobody anymore , iím doing me deadass
She males in your area looking to fuck @URL
FUCK THIS ?!?!?!?! DONNA SHERIDAN AND SAM CARMICHAEL DESERVES BETTER ! SOPHIE DESERVES BETTER !!!
I dressed so out of my comfort zone but fuck it
@USER WHAT THE FUCK ILL WATCH IT IN A SEC
@USER @USER fuck I've been doing it wrong . Time to change my ways for the better thanks guys .
@USER @USER @USER Fuck all there , only pensioners go Leigh-on-sea . Even the Polish havenít invaded it yet .
Ainít nothing like a Chicago nigga like fuck they just hit a certain spot but i swear to god i HATE THEM NIGGAS
@USER @USER @USER But the main question is WHEN THE FUCKING PPV FUCK THIS IM WATCHING CYBERFAMDAY 2012
I love that little thing you do ... ?? you know , the thing where you shut the fuck up and empty your wallet for me ?
idgaf who you are I will never let no nigga disrespect me or say things Iím sensitive about . so stfu & fuck outta my messages
WHY THE FUCK AM I CRYING BITCHHHH
I kind of have my life planned out for the rest of the year I feel so in control Iím so turned on fuck
@USER Fuck a battle pass i donít need one . Unless you wanna gimme one that would be pretty hype
although in jp society parents pretty much let their kids do whatever the fuck they want anyway after a certain point , they're kind of detached
smiles that stick to the fabric @USER shoulda known better not to fuck with you
I walk into my parents house and my little sister is listening to MCR and fallout boy . I immediately just start jamming the fuck out .
Beyond jealous of the man who got to tell Elon to go fuck his own mini-sub lmao
@USER Yes you fool ! Wake the fuck up . Your boy is circling the drain . You too ! Dont drop the soap !!
@USER I start with I GOTTA WIN BACK MY MMR and then start flaming my self after 20min xD fuck my pick fuck my build
jimin breathes and people attack him . fuck just let the boy LIVE
Ah fuck . Probably shouldve tried to find people to do the 3v3 with for easy points . Rip
DUMB BITCHES FUCK THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND
The only question i have is will Froome fuck Thomas over or will Thomas fall off ?
i deadaas dont fuck with nobody so youíll never catch me in no group
come fuck wit me , ima show you whats it like to never give a fuck my g
YOU BARELY GAVE A FUCK BEFORE MY BODY HIT THE GROUND
me to me : just what the fuck do you think you're doing
kiss hard love hard fuck hard
Nothing hurts more in everyday life than stubbing your toe . FUCK !
fuck yall in stockton trying to get me i'm in florida living my worst life could u not make it worse
I forgot how much FUCK Brunswick traffic
@USER Time leave the other half empty then fuck them they will not keep filling their shitehole they are an awful support
today been annoying as fuck like fml .
Took me 28 years to notice how selective youíve gotta be with who the fuck you choose to spend your time with
Type to fuck a savage nigga good and tell me ditto
@USER @USER Dude same it geeks me the fuck out
@USER Sorry Nada ( no disrespect intended by my cussing ) , but what the fuck ? WTF is wrong with these ppl ?
Sick of hearing Liverpool this Liverpool that . We are #MUFC & We shouldnít give a fuck what theyíre doing . Focus on #United only .
BITCHCHH TRIPLE H REALLY FCUKING DID THAT !!!!! THEY REALLY OUT THERE CHANGING THE GAME !!!! FUCK DOUBLE STANDARDS !!!!!!!
I guess i scared him away lmao fuck
@USER I FORGOT YOU LIVED IN FUCKING CANADA WELL FUCK ME I CANT KEEP UP WITH THESE TIMEZONES TRICK ASS BITCH
good morning its like 12am and i woke up bc theres a typhoon n we have classes tomorrow so im gona read this manga idc fuck school
Holy Fuck . Did Johnny just get pinned #LuchaUnderground
@USER @USER Oh fuck i think iím goin with spag all day still but thats hard
FUCK WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY THE FRANK OCEAN x NIKES MUSIC VIDEO RELEASE S H O O K THE WORLD
Got a feeling a bitch is gonna test me today ..... Lord let me burn some incense and calm my nerves because I am Not the One to Fuck With
@USER He's beautiful , tell them to fuck off , you don't need their hateful money .
Whatís even more fucked up they gone give Demar a tribute video when he comes LOOL fuck outta here
I think I hit the delusional stage Iím fina fall the fuck back & just reblock the nigga on everything .
Sometimes you gotta sit back , take a deep breath and just remember who the fuck you are ... #NoteToSelf
oh my goddddd if i just get the wig i can cosplay momo in bakugo's hero SUIT SHIT OH FUCK
My queen is 2 hours away HOW THE FUCK DID I NOT KNOW @URL
@USER I can explain it in 1 word ... Bullshit . Now grow up for fuck sakes .
fuck this up & u get left
Liberal white dudes rallying around other liberal white dudes who egregiously fuck up , instead of worrying about the people they hurt @URL
i canít have a baby for three years yíall fuck birth control idk why i made this choice to be responsible @URL
I dont need a girlfriend becaUSE HITMARKERS FUCK ME EVERYDAY ARGHHHH !!!
What in the actual fuck did I just read
Letís not give a fuck , we donít give a fuck . - Jimin 2015
@USER You threatened to go on a shooting spree if your guy didn't win . Sit the fuck down .
My biggest three enemies : 1 . Flys 2 . Mosquitos 3 . Spiders Respectively fuck yíall
i cant tie my shoes but i can fuck ya bitch
@USER @USER fuck I was actually thinking of crayola markers idk why I said hi-lighter @URL
Fuck it I'm playing @USER Reach ... let's campaign it up . #TIMEFORFEELS
@USER Right like that is way too much why the fuck do I need all that
Lrt I can't believe I have to watch the ovw league now .... aw fuck I work that day ... hmmmmmm
If you donít pay my bills I donít give a fuck what you sayin
@USER Worst advice ever . What's the point of living if you can't fuck random guys in truck stop bathrooms ? Carpe diem .
my negative self talk vs my actual self who's jaded as fuck to it at this point @URL
@USER What the fuck are you even talking about ?
@USER @USER Jesus fuck . That's wrong to the power of what to the power of " oh no you didn't "
Whiskey and coke where the coke is just splashed into a half cup of whiskey ? Fuck yes where do I sign up ?
Then they get mad when niggas donít wanna fuck with them cause they irresponsible
@USER Holy fuck I canít unsee it
who the fuck cares , let people love who they love .
Lmao donít think imma ever do that RT @USER : Fuck all other social media , if I post her on here Ö NIGGA @URL
Fuck it Iím getting a tattoo
omg iím rly so annoyed i hate capitalism fuck all of u companies [ REST . ]
@USER iím not trying to prove theyíre problematic or racists why do you keep assuming things ? i was correcting op because they were misinformed ????????? what the fuck
If I spent £67million on a goalkeeper Iíd expect clean sheets every week ! What the actual fuck ?! ????? #gamesgonetom
baby i wanna fuck u como akon
" I was alone when I fell asleep but there's someone standing in my room " the fuck mamamoo please let me bop to this without getting chills
@USER OH FUCK I WAS THERE SINCE THE BEGINNING SO SUCK A DICK
@USER OMG WAIT WHCIH ONE , SOMEONE SAID SOMETHING ABOUT PUTTING IN A PASSWORD I DIDNT DO THAT , ONLY A USERNAME BUT FUCK JDJJD
@USER @USER He doesn't care Feige will ruin the x men to him ( even though kevin feige helped create/produce wolverine and the x men ) But fuck that @URL
And he gonna fuck me too
Like it must be nice to not give a fuck about anyone other than yourself ? Right . Cool .
Full Gallery : @URL Teen takes a study break to suck and fuck ... @URL
fuck shit up , start arm aggedon #SoundCloud @URL
Nipple piercings on birds are fit as fuck
I wanna fuck you , fuck you , you already know .
@USER Damn , @USER is talking faster than I've ever heard her before . Slow the fuck down . Desperation is unattractive , and annoying AF . #TRE45ON
IM NOT SURE WHAT CONCERT THIS PICS FROM BUT THIS WAS THE FUCKING LOOK FUCK ME
I DONT GIVE A FUCK WHAT ANYONE SAYS NICK JONAS GOT THE JUICE
Fuck That New Girl That You Love So Bad
how the fuck is this movie ten years old already I was going into college when this bitch came out .
@USER @USER @USER @USER @USER Wow ableism af . Insinuating that being a dumb fuck is a bad thing . This is toxic femininity as fuck
Iím a little pissed cause I wanted to eventually make this but fuck yeah
He said ì Thatís why I donít fuck w yíall , yíall play too damn much ! î ?????? @URL
@USER Pardon my French but what the fuck is that
@USER ahh fuck i already started rewatching it !!
Usually more so a gut ache for myself , but yeah , fuck me I hate when that happens .
@URL GOT BORED SO I MADE A DUBSTEP MIX , FUCK WIT ME #valhallasc2018
@USER Fuck off Bones , this is literally the first time Iíve kissed him since weíve been in the car .
Fuck you go onna date with Scooby Doo ?
@USER 26 an hour and only getting by is pretty much why our world is some real bull shit . fuck end stage capitalism .
I just wanna fuck someone inside a Mormon church is that too much to ask goddamn
Fuck " family " /Family is what you make of it .
@USER ?? fuck I just feel bad b/c formula is so fucking expensive !!
Hi taeyeon please beat the fuck out of me
My sleeping schedule is wake up n get this money fuck u mean
So the dodgers landed machado ...... they are stacked !!!!! BUT will still find a way to fuck it up ! You watch lmfao
Who cares whoís ì cool with it . î A baby is hungry , nigga fuck you lol
my god i almost broke down yesterday and thinking about it makes me want to throw up fuck
@USER THE FUCK DID THEY SAY JDSKKSNDJDKS
Fuck I've been chomping My jaws are tight and it hurts to yawn or stretch it
fuck man , this speed boat racing u must try k . come Sarawak is your best choice k
i just smoked a blunt with my mom what the fuck is up
Awh fuck I reached 10k and didnít even notice when
May just fuck around and run off to Kazakhstan or some shit and be the first turf grass farm in Central Asia
@USER @USER @USER @USER Me not giving a fuck what you got to say @URL
@USER dude this account is actually driving me insane like i cant stop laughing and clawing at my eyes what the fuck HORMONE REPLACEMENT GAMING
when i was little I thought i was gonna be rich and famous and wouldnít have to worry about uni . Fuck .
I don't give a fuck the old look was still bomb .. But this is even better .. @URL
oh my fuckig god asuma died goodnight fuck all that akatsuki shit
Dini say rock n roll like whit the the fuck is rock n roll goon
Sooo ... BT21 on messenger . Fuck it got me hyped ;;_;;) $^ ! ( = : ! 9 =!`" 8 ! (`#@^ #0 $ : 2 :
@USER I been here for 2 hours fuck no . Im boutta get ny hair cut lol
you wanted a family so grow the fuck up & support your family
ya yeet guess who the fuck is sad again
@USER @USER ... fuck i lost braincells and my actual will to live . why are men so disgusting
** Me-Why the fuck is Kareem the only one standing for Jim Kelly ?!?! ** Camera Pans Out-Oh shit , heís not !
@USER Fuck hackers that ruin peopleís fun when playing online .
pls just keep that same energy & stay the fuck away from me bo di babies . ? @URL
fuck you I say it with love
might fuck around and watch a cheap netflix film because iím bored @URL
@USER Yeah , and this place is getting shut the fuck down @USER 9:30
She looks French as fuck ?? @URL
I gotta stop smoking like seriously Iím mad as fuck Iím broke and I just had 50 dollars lol
@USER We used to fuck that cereal up
Jimmy and I have 3 guests staying with us this weekend and Iím trying to quickly queereye the fuck out of our apartment
@USER who the fuck needs 30 bathrooms
Iíd rather take 100 primos on my board than both cause FUCK THATTTT
it's almost 1AM and im making my own dinner SJFJVNDANAKA TANGINA SABOG STEAK KO DITO FEEL KO NA FUCK EM ALLERGIES
What the fuck is the number 26 protesting about ? ?? @URL
@USER ???????? worrddd Iím ready to tear some shit theeeee fuck Up ya hear what Iím talkin bout
well damn , Iím finna be a hoe in a couple of days then fuck
oh he does have a twitter excuse me @USER but why the fresh fuck do you smell everything pls
@USER I have heard health classes now teach avoiding it until you're older to not fuck with brain development too much
Idk why the fuck I just cut my hair to my shoulders
" FUCK IT AND SEE YOU LATTER ??? " yo : @URL
... accidently saw that pic lol I'm logging the FUCK off bye bye
Fuck me good , fuck me long , fuck me numb . I need what Frank was talmbout .
Hey just asking , how do I make my brain shut the FUCK up , but only enough that it will actually start writing ?
Shy and innocent teen is dared to fuck the dorm security guard ?? @URL
Yall Want A Single ( say fuck that ) - Korn @URL
I would like to have someone with money but Iím never asking NO nigga for shit ! I donít gotta ass for a fuck thing if you fuck with me
my current status : do i get my shit together in time for my wax or just cancel and say fuck it ! #ImportantIssues ?????? @URL
lol i donít know why i make myself upset abt people who donít give a single fuck abt me xD
Who the fuck says mo- JI - to anyways !?? @URL
thank fuck . I mean , I donít mind smaller states but we have bigger issues to deal with . @URL
fuck bro i saw a tweet about taco bell and now i want taco bell
@USER Like we give a fuck
Oh fuck no ?? i still wouldnít do it @URL
oh i'm really not liking how this one turned out . fuck
SJSJSJS I DONT DESERVE HER WHAT THE FUCK
And this is why I keep things off my fb ..... fuck .
Nah fuck that . Get your ass in the gym and sweat it off .
My bird just shouted ì Go fuck yourself î . Not sure if I might have watched the finale to @USER too many times ...? #hulu #HandmaidsTaleSeason2 #cussing
I fucks with people , I just dont fuck with people
@USER Thatís a good gif holy fuck rustle
All retail , restaurant , and chain business workers should be allowed to tell rude customers to fuck off
ó ? ; That was such a shitty pinned but ya know ? Fuck it I DONT CARE IM STRESSED
Fuck . Aaaand here we go , planes crashing again . @URL
@USER go watch conspiracy theories on it , it'll explain everything better than i can but basically the government tries to fuck with our heads .
Pcos can fuck your whole system up . After 2wks+ A new fresh bleed . Talk about all month round crank
@USER Wait fuck are u serious ??? You just made me so happy fuck what
Gonna be funny when the " Denver Test was poorly planned/should be post-season " brigade have the NRLs almost certain colossal fuck-up effort as a comparison .
nananana ????? the fuck you mean that's obviously a lalalalala @URL
When I say you fine as fuck baby Iím not tryna flatter you
My Slayyy Queens fuck the rumors still LOVEEE them @USER and @USER ???????? ??????????????????? ?????????????????????????????????????? @URL
lmao idk why people feel the need to fuck with me . Iím fucking crazy ...
@USER Twenty two days to go . What the fuck .
I have a migraine from hell currently and my grandma wants me to drive her to Matthews to go to a post office . Fuck no
@USER Youíre absolutely right bro . Fuck all that . I need some new music from you ASAP
@USER @USER Bro , what the fuck ? Get out of here
Yeah I really donít give a fuck anymore , thanks fam
fuck my heart hurts so much
@USER maybe stop overpricing rent so tenants cant afford to pay you giant waste of space . fuck i hate landlords so much .
i can't believe al wants to fuck this man
If I fuck another womanís men he 100% gotta be paying a bill of mine . I ainít finna be trifling for free .
@USER @USER Signing an overrated GK for far too much , congrats . Have fun winning fuck all next season
@USER @USER You want to turn US citizens over for questioning by RUSSIANS ??? FUCK THAT !!!
@USER I used to fuck with those weekly playlists of stuff they think youíd like . Theyíre usually pretty spot on boi
@USER she kept scratching the fuck out of it lmao
ë I don't even wanna fuck just rub my head ' till I fall asleep í SAME NAV
@USER no use roasting me for your barbecue I'm bitter and salty as fuck
@USER I've been getting that over here also fuck this heat wave @URL
carats where the fuck can i buy official seventeen merch
When you make Google Assistant say nigga or fuck >>>
What the fuck Kenshin can act out of a tag faster than other characters why is he only ever broken ?
Itís one thing being depressed and just not giving a fuck . But itís another thing to actually be aware that you have depression because everything just feels different
Shit just gets worse n worse fuck sake
@USER How you in like that what the fuck we need to talk more lmaoo
Fuck all i need is u
@USER well ask him to stay fuck
@USER So after I forgot my robe you don't fuck with me no more ?
Glad the lakers didnít ship the young core might as well build wit em fuck it
girl sport put it in your mouth your mother fucking mouth videos of boys fucking girls nubiles fuck toon @URL
who the FUCK EATS POTATO SALAD ? IN THIS ECONOMY ?
@USER @USER How the fuck would I know ? no way I'd listen to girl talk
Iím annoyed as fuck today leave me alone
@USER Cedar point is bomb as fuck , 10/10 would recommend
